README.md, before:

# a2UI5 Apps - Generic Search Help / Generic Value Help

Popups with Search Helps, dynamically created based on imported values.

1) Generic DDIC Search help generator
2) Generic Value help generator
3) Generic multi input value help generator
   
## 1) Generic DDIC Search help generator
### 1.1) Description
This app will generate a popup window based on the given DDIC searchelp ID. The popup renders all selection fields flagged for "selection" (Selection position). The result list gets rendered based on the fields flagged for "Display" (Display position). With the "Go" button you will run the search with the provide selection criteria. Selecting a record in result list will close the popup. The value flagged for "exporting" will be returned to the calling application.
By default each selection criteria contains a popup window in order to enter one or more logical expressions. 

### 1.2) App name (Class name)
Class: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_SHLP_GEN

### 1.3) Parameters
| Parameter Name          | Type       | Optional | Description                                                                              |
| ----------------------- | ---------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| IV_SHLP_ID              | Importing  |          | This is the ID of the DDIC searchhelp. It could be an elementary or collective searchelp |
| IV_POPUP_TITLE          | Importing  |          | This is the popop window title |
| IV_RESULT_FILTER_EXIT   | Importing  | Yes      | User-Exit in order to filter, restrict or enrich the searchhelp result. For more details, please refer to the comments in the "FACTORY" method |
| IV_SELOPT_PREFILL_EXIT  | Importing  | Yes      | User-Exit in order to prefill or adapt the searchhelp selection criteria. For more details, please refer to the comments in the "FACTORY" method |
| IT_SHLP_BLACKLIST       | Importing  | Yes      | This exclusion list can be used for collective searchhelp to hide some of the elementary searchhelp. The list contains the searchelp IDs to be hidden |
| IV_DEFAULT_SHLP_INDEX   | Importing  | Yes      | By default the first searchhelp of an collective searchhelp will be shown. With this parameter you can select another searchhelp to be shown first (Index: 1-x) |
| IT_SHLP_EXIT            | Importing  | Yes      | User-Exit in order to created your own deep value help on top of the seachhelp fields. For more details, please refer to the comments in the "FACTORY" method |
| IV_USE_DEEP_SHLP        | Importing  | Yes      | This parameter will active a deep searchhelp generator. This means, if the DDIC seachhelp field has a searchhelp assigned on data element level or the corresponding domain contains fix value, it will either generate a generic searchhelp (searchhelp assigned on data element) or value help (domain fix value) | 
| RESULT                  | Returning  |          | Returning instance of the Searchhelp app |

### 1.4 Demo
Demo app: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_09, Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_12 (deep search demo)
<img width="800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/axelmohnen/a2UI5-generic_search_hlp/blob/dev/src/images/2ui5_gen_shlp_pic1.png">

<img width="800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/axelmohnen/a2UI5-generic_search_hlp/blob/dev/src/images/2ui5_gen_shlp_pic2.png">

<img width="800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/axelmohnen/a2UI5-generic_search_hlp/blob/dev/src/images/2ui5_gen_shlp_pic3.png">

## 2) Generic Value help generator
### 2.1) Description
This app will generate a popup window with value help. The value help popup contains a free text filter field and a result list. The result list can contain maximum 10 columns. The value help configuration is done via a "config" import parameter. Selecting a record in result list will close the popup. The value flagged for "returning" will be returned to the calling application.

### 2.2) App name (Class name)
Class: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_VH_GEN

### 2.3) Parameters
| Parameter Name          | Type       | Optional | Description                                                                              |
| ----------------------- | ---------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| IT_DATA                 | Importing  |          | Data table for the value help list. Its of type Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_VH_GEN=>TT_DATA. It contains up to 10 fields (COL01 - COL10 |
| IS_CONFIG               | Importing  |          | This contains the value help configuration. For more details, please refer to the comments in the "FACTORY" method |
| RESULT                  | Returning  |          | Returning instance of the value help app |

### 2.4) Demo
Demo app: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_11
<img width="800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/axelmohnen/a2UI5-generic_search_hlp/blob/dev/src/images/2ui5_gen_vh_pic1.png">

Demo app: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_13 (Domain fix value helper)
 - Helper Method: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_VH_GEN=>RENDER_VH_DOMAIN_FIX_VALUES()
 - 
## 3) Generic multi input value help generator
### 3.1) Description
This app will generate a popup window with multi input (token) value help. The value help popup contains multi filter input fields based on the configuration. The value help configuration is done via a "config" import parameter. The filter values (Token) will be returned to the calling application.

### 3.2) App name (Class name)
Class: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_SELOPT_GEN

### 3.3) Parameters
| Parameter Name          | Type       | Optional | Description                                                                              |
| ----------------------- | ---------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| IS_CONFIG               | Importing  |          | This contains the value help configuration. For more details, please refer to the comments in the "FACTORY" method |
| IT_TOKEN                | Importing  |  Yes     | Filter values which will prefill the filter list
| RESULT                  | Returning  |          | Returning instance of the value help app |

Commit message:

New optional parameter IT_SHLP_FV_DEFAULT for DDIC SHLP

README.md, after:

# a2UI5 Apps - Generic Search Help / Generic Value Help

Popups with Search Helps, dynamically created based on imported values.

1) Generic DDIC Search help generator
2) Generic Value help generator
3) Generic multi input value help generator
   
## 1) Generic DDIC Search help generator
### 1.1) Description
This app will generate a popup window based on the given DDIC searchelp ID. The popup renders all selection fields flagged for "selection" (Selection position). The result list gets rendered based on the fields flagged for "Display" (Display position). With the "Go" button you will run the search with the provide selection criteria. Selecting a record in result list will close the popup. The value flagged for "exporting" will be returned to the calling application.
By default each selection criteria contains a popup window in order to enter one or more logical expressions. 

### 1.2) App name (Class name)
Class: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_SHLP_GEN

### 1.3) Parameters
| Parameter Name          | Type       | Optional | Description                                                                              |
| ----------------------- | ---------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| IV_SHLP_ID              | Importing  |          | This is the ID of the DDIC searchhelp. It could be an elementary or collective searchelp |
| IV_POPUP_TITLE          | Importing  |          | This is the popop window title |
| IV_RESULT_FILTER_EXIT   | Importing  | Yes      | User-Exit in order to filter, restrict or enrich the searchhelp result. For more details, please refer to the comments in the "FACTORY" method |
| IV_SELOPT_PREFILL_EXIT  | Importing  | Yes      | User-Exit in order to prefill or adapt the searchhelp selection criteria. For more details, please refer to the comments in the "FACTORY" method |
| IT_SHLP_BLACKLIST       | Importing  | Yes      | This exclusion list can be used for collective searchhelp to hide some of the elementary searchhelp. The list contains the searchelp IDs to be hidden |
| IV_DEFAULT_SHLP_INDEX   | Importing  | Yes      | By default the first searchhelp of an collective searchhelp will be shown. With this parameter you can select another searchhelp to be shown first (Index: 1-x) |
| IT_SHLP_EXIT            | Importing  | Yes      | User-Exit in order to created your own deep value help on top of the seachhelp fields. For more details, please refer to the comments in the "FACTORY" method |
| IV_USE_DEEP_SHLP        | Importing  | Yes      | This parameter will active a deep searchhelp generator. This means, if the DDIC seachhelp field has a searchhelp assigned on data element level or the corresponding domain contains fix value, it will either generate a generic searchhelp (searchhelp assigned on data element) or value help (domain fix value) | 
| IT_SHLP_FV_DEFAULT      | Importing  | Yes      | With this parameter you can prefill your searchhelp fields with values retrieved from the calling application. Searchelp ID, fieldname and fieldvalues are the fields to be provided
| RESULT                  | Returning  |          | Returning instance of the Searchhelp app |

### 1.4 Demo
Demo app: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_09, Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_12 (deep search demo)
<img width="800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/axelmohnen/a2UI5-generic_search_hlp/blob/dev/src/images/2ui5_gen_shlp_pic1.png">

<img width="800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/axelmohnen/a2UI5-generic_search_hlp/blob/dev/src/images/2ui5_gen_shlp_pic2.png">

<img width="800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/axelmohnen/a2UI5-generic_search_hlp/blob/dev/src/images/2ui5_gen_shlp_pic3.png">

## 2) Generic Value help generator
### 2.1) Description
This app will generate a popup window with value help. The value help popup contains a free text filter field and a result list. The result list can contain maximum 10 columns. The value help configuration is done via a "config" import parameter. Selecting a record in result list will close the popup. The value flagged for "returning" will be returned to the calling application.

### 2.2) App name (Class name)
Class: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_VH_GEN

### 2.3) Parameters
| Parameter Name          | Type       | Optional | Description                                                                              |
| ----------------------- | ---------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| IT_DATA                 | Importing  |          | Data table for the value help list. Its of type Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_VH_GEN=>TT_DATA. It contains up to 10 fields (COL01 - COL10 |
| IS_CONFIG               | Importing  |          | This contains the value help configuration. For more details, please refer to the comments in the "FACTORY" method |
| RESULT                  | Returning  |          | Returning instance of the value help app |

### 2.4) Demo
Demo app: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_11
<img width="800" alt="image" src="https://github.com/axelmohnen/a2UI5-generic_search_hlp/blob/dev/src/images/2ui5_gen_vh_pic1.png">

Demo app: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_13 (Domain fix value helper)
 - Helper Method: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_VH_GEN=>RENDER_VH_DOMAIN_FIX_VALUES()
 - 
## 3) Generic multi input value help generator
### 3.1) Description
This app will generate a popup window with multi input (token) value help. The value help popup contains multi filter input fields based on the configuration. The value help configuration is done via a "config" import parameter. The filter values (Token) will be returned to the calling application.

### 3.2) App name (Class name)
Class: Z2UI5_CL_TOOL_APP_SELOPT_GEN

### 3.3) Parameters
| Parameter Name          | Type       | Optional | Description                                                                              |
| ----------------------- | ---------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| IS_CONFIG               | Importing  |          | This contains the value help configuration. For more details, please refer to the comments in the "FACTORY" method |
| IT_TOKEN                | Importing  |  Yes     | Filter values which will prefill the filter list
| RESULT                  | Returning  |          | Returning instance of the value help app |
